Analytics documentation (#111)
kbrew-dev/kbrew: docs/analytics.md

# Anonymous Aggregate Analytics

kbrew gathers anonymous aggregate analytics using Google Analytics. The analytics are enabled by default but you can always [opt out](analytics.md#opting-out) and continue using kbrew without ever sending analytics data.

## Why?

> The analytics is anonymized and used in aggregate to determine the failure/success rate of recipes and to improve user experience. It helps us understand how the tool is getting used and what we can do to make it even better.  Anonymous aggregate user analytics allows us to priorities bug fixes, planning new features and designing the roadmap. In the future, once we have enough data, we are planning to make the failure and success rates of the app installations public so that users can do install with confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analytics is anonymized and used in aggregate to determine the failure/success rate of recipes and to improve user experience. It helps us understand how the tool is getting used and what we can do to make it even better.  Anonymous aggregate user analytics allows us to prioritize bug fixes, plan new features and design the roadmap. In the future, once we have enough data, we are planning to make the failure and success rates of the app installations public so that users can do install with confidence.
```

`kbrew analytics user ID` is generated by UUID generator when first time kbrew command is executed on a system and stored in the kbrew config `(${HOME}/.kbrew/config.yaml)` `analyticsuuid`. This does not allow us to track individual users but does enable us to accurately measure user counts versus event counts. The ID is specific to kbrew installation and does not permit kbrew maintainers to track anything else.

On failures, kbrew also collects [the Kubernetes failure events](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#event-v1-core) generated for the recipe components. kbrew does not collect events on any other resources which are not created as a part of the installation. Kubernetes failure events help us tuning the recipes if it is not working in a specific environment.
- K8s failure event reason
- K8s failure event message
- K8s failure event action
- K8s failure event involvedObject 

kbrew's analytics records the following different events:
(ref: https://github.com/kbrew-dev/kbrew/blob/main/pkg/events/events.go#L45)

- `install-success`: installation successful
- `install-fail`: installation failed
- `install-timeout`: installation timed out

> - `install-success`: uninstallation successful
> - `install-fail`: uninstallation failed
> - `install-timeout`: uninstallation timed out

Author: ```suggestion
- `uninstall-success`: uninstallation successful
- `uninstall-fail`: uninstallation failed
- `uninstall-timeout`: uninstallation timed out
```

> - `install-timeout`: uninstallation timed out

Reviewer: should these be `uninstall` ?

Author: :facepalm: yes
